Readme.md, before:

line-bot-sdk-dotnet
==

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202-green.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dlemstra/line-bot-sdk-dotnet/master/License.txt)
[![Twitter URL](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/twitter.com/fold_left.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20%40MagickNET)](https://twitter.com/MagickNET)

|             |Build Status|Code Coverage|
|-------------|:----------:|:-----------:|
|**Linux/Mac**| [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dlemstra/line-bot-sdk-dotnet.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dlemstra/line-bot-sdk-dotnet)|[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/dlemstra/line-bot-sdk-dotnet/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/dlemstra/line-bot-sdk-dotnet)|
|**Windows**  | [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/qxa3wd2ijvdi0bq8/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/dlemstra/line-bot-sdk-dotnet/branch/master)|[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/dlemstra/line-bot-sdk-dotnet/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/dlemstra/line-bot-sdk-dotnet)|



SDK of the LINE Messaging API for .NET standard.

About the LINE Messaging API
--

See the official API documentation for more information.

English: [https://devdocs.line.me/en/](https://devdocs.line.me/en/)<br>
Japanese: [https://devdocs.line.me/ja/](https://devdocs.line.me/ja/)

Commit message:

Added link to NuGet package.

Readme.md, after:

# line-bot-sdk-dotnet


[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202-green.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dlemstra/line-bot-sdk-dotnet/master/License.txt)
[![Twitter URL](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/twitter.com/fold_left.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20%40MagickNET)](https://twitter.com/MagickNET)

|             |Build Status|Code Coverage|
|-------------|:----------:|:-----------:|
|**Linux/Mac**| [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dlemstra/line-bot-sdk-dotnet.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dlemstra/line-bot-sdk-dotnet)|[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/dlemstra/line-bot-sdk-dotnet/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/dlemstra/line-bot-sdk-dotnet)|
|**Windows**  | [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/qxa3wd2ijvdi0bq8/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/dlemstra/line-bot-sdk-dotnet/branch/master)|[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/dlemstra/line-bot-sdk-dotnet/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/dlemstra/line-bot-sdk-dotnet)|


SDK of the LINE Messaging API for .NET standard.

### About the LINE Messaging API

See the official API documentation for more information.

English: [https://devdocs.line.me/en/](https://devdocs.line.me/en/)<br>
Japanese: [https://devdocs.line.me/ja/](https://devdocs.line.me/ja/)

### Supported Platforms
- .NET Standard 1.3 and higher

### Installation

The package for this library is available on [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Line.Bot.SDK).
